YOLO algorithm starting point (#12)
MissouriMRR/docs: subteams/vision/yolo_ml/yolo.md

   - Normalized to [0, 1]
 - `width` , `height`
   - width and height of the minimum bounding box around the object in the image
   - Normalized to [0, 1]

Normalization is the process of taking any range of data and turning it into a range of [0-1]. When normalizing coordinates on images, the minimum value (min_val) will be 0 (because the indicies of the pixels starts at 0), the maximum value (max_val) will be the width (or length) of the image, and the current value (val) is the value to be normalized. The result will be a number between 0 and 1.

Normalization formula:

	    val - min_val
	--------------------- = val_normalized
	  max_val - min_val  

#### YAML file (`dataset_name.yaml`)

This is the file that specifies the location of the dataset, training data, validation data, and the classes of objects to will identify (with an index of the class)

```yaml
# the dataset YAML file
path: dataset_name/
train: 'train/images'
val: 'valid/images'

# class names
names:
	0: 'obj_class_0'
	1: 'obj_class_1'
	2: 'obj_class_2'
	.: 'obj_class_...'
	.: 'foo'
	.: 'obj_class_...'
	.: 'bar'
	.: 'obj_class_...'
	n: 'obj_class_n'
```

> ### Actually Training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Training
```

> With a dataset created, the next step is to train a model on the dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a dataset created, the next step is to train a model.
```

```python
from ultralytics import YOLO

# Load a model
model = YOLO('yolov8n.pt')

# Train the model
results = model.train(data='dataset_name.yaml', epochs=100, imgsz=640)
```

**Breakdown:**
 - `yolov8n.pt`

>    - This specifies the model to use, YOLOv8n is the nano model, other sizes may be used and may be more accurate but will be slower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This specifies the model to use. YOLOv8n is the nano model - other sizes can be used and may be slower but more accurate
```

 - `dataset_name.yaml`

>    - This is the previously created YAML file that specifies information about the training dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Gives the name of the YAML file that specifies information about the training dataset
```

 - epochs
   - This is the number of times the model will train on the input data

>    - More epochs will take longer but (probably) result in a more accurate model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - More epochs will take longer but should hopefully result in a more accurate model
```

 - imgsz

>    - The size of the input images

Reviewer: Is this the total number of pixels? Elaborate

   - If images are not this size, then they will automatically be resized, preserving the aspect ratio of objects in the image
     - the picture will not be stretched, ie. circles will stay circles
 - **Other parameters**
   - There are other optional parameters that can be passed to this function to control aspects of the training
   - These parameters can be seen on Ultralytics's [Docs](https://docs.ultralytics.com/models/train/#arguments)

### Using the Trained Model

> The new model can be loaded, once it has been saved as a `.pt` file. Then the model can be passed an image (can be passed as a numpy array or image path). The `save=True` and `save_txt=True` kwargs can be passed to the `predict()` function to have more verbose output saved to files in the project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new model can be loaded, once it has been saved as a `.pt` file. Then the model can be passed an image; either as a numpy array or image path. The `save=True` and `save_txt=True` kwargs can be passed to the `predict()` function to have more verbose output saved to files in the project directory.
```
